Welcome to Day seven.
It gives us great joy to know that you are still here and that you are still putting your heart into
your learning.
Today, we are going to keep moving forward as we do every day.
And you are going to learn so many new features that you're going to be able to program a bank account
at the end of the day.
Yes, an actual account capable capable of holding an account balance, receiving deposits and making
withdrawals.
It's not a difficult thing, but it requires us to learn some new things.
And that's what we're going to do in just a minute.
We're going to learn something that I've been wanting to teach you since the very beginning, but I
couldn't do it without helping you all the way through your journey that you've taken up to this point.
What we're going to be looking at from this day forward and for a while longer is called OP object oriented
programming.
Python is one of the programming languages that supports this type of programming, which has a lot
to offer.
And it's the reason why writing code in Python is so easy compared to other languages.
In the next lecture, we will start explaining from scratch what object oriented programming is.